
MerchantApp:
	Bluboy Sales Admin can define Marketing Events based on Merchant requirements;
	
Merchant requirements -> Marketing Event -> Bluboy Sales Admin ->
1. price range of reward 
2. no.of rewards
3. dummy rewards are allowed or not -> for the event
4. Validity of Rewardd -> event time period
5. can a customer get more than one reward - from a same event

Reward -> code format -> 2 parts; 
1. unique across all events; 
2. each part can be 8 characters long;
3. each part can be alphanumeric;
4. First part will contain 3 characters of unique merchant code;
5. each reward code will be mapped to a unique Marketing Event ID;
6. each reward will have respective reward value
7. second part of 8 alphanumeric characters will never be shared to customer, and will only be used for redemption;

API Requirements:
1. support an api that accepts Marketing Event ID and returns the first part of Reward code that is not yet rewarded; 
2. Claim API -> accepts Reward code and Marketing Event ID -> and marks the reward as claimed; 
    2.1 return both parts of the reward code and respective reward value;
    2.2 Merchant App Server will post a callback api to Bluboy Server to update the reward as claimed;
        2.2.1 Bluboy App will receive Event ID, Reward Code, Reward Value -> and updates the reward as claimed;

Reward Redemption:
1. Customer shares his reward code / reward qr - > with merchant POS
2. merchant POS will enter the reward in Merchant App (web app) -> and clicks on claim button;
    1. Valid code, will show for accepted claim;
    2. When the Reward is claimed - corresponding Reward value and full Reward code will get displayed on Merchant App;
        1. Customer will also be intimated about the actual reward value; that got processed via his claim.

Auditing Requirements:
1. Merchant App should have Role based logins
    1.1 Bluboy Super Admin -> can access all the features; can create new tenants and assign marketing admins to them;
    1.2 Tenant Marketing Admin -> can create new marketing events for assigned tenants; can access Marketing Event features for assigned tenants;
    1.3 Merchant Admin -> can access Rewards dashboard for assigned merchants;
2. Merchant Admin user should be able to access Rewards dashboard based on event dropdown;
    1. Outstanding rewards
    2. claimed rewards - respective codes.
    3. Customer vs Reward Dashboard
3. Across Event Dashboard for a merchant
    1. unique customers across all events
    2. total customers across all events
    3. filters to select customers who are rewarded across all events

Tech Stack

Frontend
1. React 18 with TypeScript
2. Next.js 15 framework
3. Tailwind CSS for styling
4. Lucide React for icons

Backend
1. Next.js API Routes (TypeScript)
2. Prisma ORM for database operations
3. PostgreSQL database
4. RESTful API architecture

Application Requirements:
1. Firebase Auth for authentication;
2. user role to be present as part auth token;
3. Redis for caching; connection details can be stored in .env file using redis-connect.js file;
4. Docker for containerization;
